I want to come to a new video of
j
i am alone body & johnson
Unfortunately, not have something to do
Also as I said today , it's about how
to call the bitter ad to the apple iphone
can import touch
it's easy to mozilla
You need firefox on google
Enter the cappuccinos and then come
the chip online that download me
Today I say I find writing
you again a video description 1
So then my shoulder landed
Almost here but fair that makes
would first front on itunes before a
with a right click on the ipod then
save from here
Now this makes a backup of that
simple you have to a little patience
to have
It may be a few seconds or a second
half a minute
that was me ratzfatz so that creates
now first made a backup about it
now opened a path deviate
it does what now you click
your ipod so i press on though
applause
here must be reason for so in the
names sorted by letter library
preferences apples ping pong pattern
so now finds out now rate the few
that's the little one on the biggest one up
big band now with the code copy
he added the 1
after the accident until this text
I also write in the video
description so do not do it
song then you press here on 16
I step up here on hi rez tor
yes, now you are waiting a bit
skill direction iphone backup letter
will wait until
that could take a mine
now it must follow ipod like that
production is going to work if that then
not sleeping is something wrong
Run right on extreme that
means there must be running again
friends are standing
how does not bury me but me
could me too
finished
that would have now is this question
you have to devote then you would have to
Restore iPod stopped
now would have the ipod of you from the
actually go a little bit house
has to wait is completely out of this way with me
is that now on the court so now
it will automatically start again
so what
everything happens on the go out and
tackle and run for production
Do not push everything right just just
have patience and wait
that's what happened to you now
triptis again to install
that's where the apple sign comes in a bit
because it takes all the data
now comes under the apple sign
That means it takes a bit of time
needs a bit is my ipod is
now started again
now there's now you just go on
mainz is on as constant but see
mostly successful I hope
could help you
Thanks for your attention then
until the next video